Let's say you want to share Google Analytics data with a user on
your team or maybe even a vendor or a freelancer that works with your company,
consider using Read and Analyze User Permission.
Read and analyze allows the user to see report data,
filter a table, add a secondary dimension,
create a segment, create and share personal assets like segments or custom reports,
and see shared assets.
Keep in mind you can assign Read and Analyze at either the account,
property or view level in the account hierarchy.
The key question to ask here is do you want someone to be able to read and
analyze at the entire account level including all properties and views?
Do you want to limit the access to just one property or two?
Or do you want to limit the access to the view level?